Add support for persisted repositories (#182)
soundcloud/periskop: README.md

docker run -v path/to/config.yaml:/etc/periskop/periskop.yaml -p 8080:8080 periskop
```

## Enable persistance storage

> By default Periskop stores all the scrapped errors in memory [repository](repository/memory.go). You can configure you Periskop deployment to use persistance storage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Periskop stores all the scrapped errors in memory [repository](repository/memory.go). You can configure your Periskop deployment to use persistent storage.
```

Currently the supported persistance storages are SQLite, MySQL and PostgreSQL. 

For SQLite, add these lines to your `config.yaml` file:
```yaml
repository:
  type: sqlite
  path: periskop.db
```

For MySQL and PostgreSQL:
```yaml
repository:

>   type: mysql

Reviewer 2: what is the type for postgres?
